plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aks_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aksversion_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aksversion_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_aksversion_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_applicationsecuritygroup_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appserviceplan_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appserviceplan_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appserviceplan_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_appserviceplan_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_automationaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_automationaccount_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_automationaccount_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_autoscale_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_availabilityset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_availabilityset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_availabilityset_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_availabilityset_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnendpoint_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnprofile_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnprofile_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnprofile_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cdnprofile_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerinstance_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerinstance_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerinstance_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerinstance_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistry_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistry_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistry_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_containerregistry_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_deployment_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlab_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlab_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlab_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlab_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabarmtemplate_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabarmtemplate_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabarmtemplate_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifact_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifact_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifact_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabartifactsource_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabcustomimage_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabenvironment_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabpolicy_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabschedule_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabschedule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabschedule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabschedule_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_devtestlabvirtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnsrecordset_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:doc-type-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_dnszone_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_functionapp_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_hdinsightcluster_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_image_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_image_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_image_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_image_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_image_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loadbalancer_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_lock_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_lock_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_lock_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_loganalyticsworkspace_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk_info.py validate-modules:doc-type-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_manageddisk_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbdatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbdatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbserver_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mariadbserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlserver_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_mysqlserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_networkinterface_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlconfiguration_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlserver_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_postgresqlserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_publicipaddress_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_rediscache_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resource_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resourcegroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resourcegroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resourcegroup_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_resourcegroup_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roleassignment_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roleassignment_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roleassignment_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roledefinition_info.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roledefinition_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roledefinition_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roledefinition_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_roledefinition_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_routetable_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_routetable_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_routetable_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_routetable_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_securitygroup_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_servicebus_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqldatabase_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlfirewallrule_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlserver_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_sqlserver_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_storageaccount_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_subnet_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerendpoint_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_trafficmanagerprofile_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachine_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineextension_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineimage_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineimage_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachineimage_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetextension_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualmachinescalesetinstance_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetwork_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp_info.py validate-modules:required_if-requirements-unknown
plugins/modules/azure_rm_webapp_info.py validate-modules:required_if-unknown-key
tests/utils/shippable/check_matrix.py replace-urlopen
tests/utils/shippable/timing.py shebang
